r	001	The center of culture and government in Albion is the city of Camelot, the former seat of the throne of Arthur. From there stretch the forests and plains of the Realm: to the west of Camelot lie huge plains, deep dark forests, trackless swamps, and haunted hills. To the north loom the mountains of Snowdonia, and frontier lands, dangerous and unpredictable. 
r	002	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
r	030	The wise people of Atlantis wished to share their knowledge but understood the need for it to be earned.  So they devised an obstacle course of Trials to be overcome.  Although most of their civilization was destroyed, the trials were left primarily intact but many have been twisted by the surviving races once subjugated. Now it's up to you uncover the magic and power left behind. 
r	051	Albion has long been plagued by the evil forces led by Morgana. Now, she's gone one step further and forged an alliance with the Drakoran, a race of dragon-men. The Drakoran, rumored to be led by a real dragon of fearsome size and strength, have laid waste to the island of Avalon, ruining its beautiful capital city, the center of learning for all of Albion.
r	073	The wise people of Atlantis wished to share their knowledge but understood the need for it to be earned.  So they devised an obstacle course of Trials to be overcome.  Although most of their civilization was destroyed, the trials were left primarily intact but many have been twisted by the surviving races once subjugated. Now it's up to you uncover the magic and power left behind. 
r	100	Midgard is made of low swampy marshlands, deep evergreen forests, flat areas dotted by glacial lakes, soaring snow-capped mountains, and snowy wastes. Centered around the capital city of Jordheim, the various races and creatures of Midgard have a diverse geography in which to adventure and explore.
r	102	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
r	130	The wise people of Atlantis wished to share their knowledge but understood the need for it to be earned.  So they devised an obstacle course of Trials to be overcome.  Although most of their civilization was destroyed, the trials were left primarily intact but many have been twisted by the surviving races once subjugated. Now it's up to you uncover the magic and power left behind. 
r	151	Troll and Kobold myths tell of the Troll Fathers, a race of ancient and wise creatures who were the precursors to both of these underground races. Then one day, out of the pages of myth, a lone warrior brought  disturbing news of  a race of prehistoric savages, the Morvalt,  who swept across Aegir, destroying all in their path. The people of Aegir call upon all of Midgard to aid them.
r	163	Land of legendary battles and defeat, the Frontiers are home to the unstable outposts of the realms.  Hibernia, Albion, and Midgard wage constant war here, in effort to push borders to their own advantage, and gain keeps and relics to empower their own countrymen.  Laden with unknown creatures and miles of wild and untamed lands, the Frontiers offer great challenge and opportunity for fame and glory.
r	181	The island of HyBrasil was generally considered to be a long-lost myth enclosed in the depths of time. For generations, folklore told around the campfires of the Realm spoke of the beautiful wooded paradise of Hy Brasil, homeland to the Sylvan.. The Sylvan emissaries brought a tale of invasion by a race of creatures called Fomorians, who seek to destroy the Sylvan
r	200	From the capital city of Tir na Nog, located in the heart of the Realm, the lands of Hibernia stretch away to the north and south. Hibernia is made of rolling hills, lakes, and rivers. Far away from the civilized sections of the Realm lie deep forest, more mountainous hills, and deadly creatures. 
r	202	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	000	Nested by Camelot City, the hills hold two dungeons and an entrance into the Frontier. Geared primarily for low-level players, Mithra's Tomb highlights the best dungeon to level in for new players. A portal into Darkness Falls, a deep and dark dungeon, is also available in the castle ruins.  Castle Sauvage, to the north-east, allows entrance into the Albion Frontier.
z	001	The wide expanse of Salisbury Plains is home to the legendary Stonehenge. Rolling hills spread over the plains where different creatures dwell. Adventurers’ level 12 through 25 will find excellent hunting here. Within the circles of Stonehenge lies the entrance to the Stonehenge Barrows, a tomb haunted by the undead that only the most skilled warriors should dare to enter.
z	002	Nestled in the Black South Mountains are the two small villages Ludlow and Humberton.  Young players will find great hunting in the hills surrounding the villages.  To the south lies the glorious city of Camelot.
z	003	Black Mountains North is home to Snowdownia Station, a small haven of rest in an area surrounded by towering mountains.  Young adventurers can find much to learn here. The road from the station leads to the northern reaches of the frontier and Snowdonia Fortress.
z	004	Dartmoor,the very name strikes fear into the heart of young and old alike, for in this valley lies the home of Golestandt the Dragon. The untamed Dartmoor ponies and the giants walk this land freely. Only the most skilled warriors have dared to venture here.
z	006	Cornwall is a region haunted by the warriors of the past.  From the Ghostly Church to the ruins of the Roman Fort, the area is one of the memories echoing another time.  Heroes around level 30 can seek adventure and riches around and inside the Catacombs of Cardova, while higher level heroes may find challenges further to the west.
z	007	Legends surround this mysterious lake. The shores are populated with powerful creatures ranging from level 25 through 50 and beyond.  Some monsters have even gained epic status for the very valor it takes to face them.  Groups of the most skilled warriors should be wary near these shores.
z	008	A dense and sprawling forest lying south of Salisbury Plains holds many secrets.   Hidden deep within the forest is the dungeon of Keltoi, where those between levels 15 and 21 can explore.
z	009	Located in the southern regions, the marsh is infested with creatures for adventurers between levels 25 and 30. Adribard’s Retreat is a gathering place that allows the citizens to learn, train, and do business with merchants.
z	010	The southernmost region of Albion is Lyonesse. Once a thriving settlement, the ocean reclaimed the land, and the flood waters still linger. The land is covered in mist, and powerful creatures from both land and sea have found a home within the ruins of the partially submerged dwellings of yesteryear.  Only the most Skilled adventurers may travel here and live to tell of it.
z	013	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	016	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	017	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	018	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	020	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	027	This rustic region is named after the current sovereign of Albion, King Constantine. It is said that Constantine was raised in the village of Holtham and began his training as a paladin within Caer Stamford. Today proud parents and supporters of the King send their children here for schooling and training.
z	028	This fabled land is where the first Viking clan landed upon the Midgard motherland. Here Clan Grenlock settled a bustling village named Hafheim and erected a formidable fortress that they called Thorsa Faste. The proud Vikings have never forgotten their roots and continue to protect this land.
z	029	This lush country is steeped in the legends of the Elven King, Lug Lamfhota. It is upon these shores that myths speak of King Lamfhota being gifted with the magical blade Fragarach by his foster father Manannan. The people of the village Fintain and the guardians of Dun Cormyra revere the legends to this day.
z	030	Home to Oceanus haven, this is the launching point for explorations into the ruins of Atlantis. Various islands break the oceans surface and many mysteries await beneath the cold waters.
z	031	The Ocean of Mesothalassa is home to the legendary sea monster Cetus and the ancient Library of Atlantis.  If you venture beneath the waves, beware of the Tritons who have claimed vast areas for their own purposes.
z	032	The ruins of Sobekite Eternal tower majestically over the waters of Boreal.  Many islands, which contain treasures and challenges for even the bravest of adventurers, dot the crystaline blue of the vast waters.
z	033	 Located in the deep south, the waters of Notos contain many treasures but untold dangers. Wicked harpies, ancient artifacts of power, and Medusa's Temple of Twilight are only some of the wonders to be discovered.
z	034	The Anatole Ocean reaches to the farthest eastern edge of the Atlantean  empire.  Here you can discover the Haven of  Volcanus, battle living  statues, and dive to an Atlantean shipwreck.
z	038	The Stygian Delta is a searing ocean of sand.  Scorpions, crocodile, and the evil Setians are only some of the dangers that await you.  Temples and tombs left from the Atlantean legacy are slowly being reclaimed by the shifting sands.
z	039	Deep into the desert, the Land of Atum holds both wonders and terrors alike.  The colossal Atlantean pyramid that reaches to the sky, the Temple of Storms, and the entrance to the land of the dead - the Halls of Ma'ati, are only few of the adventures that await you.
z	041	A land of fiery lava flows, violent eruptions, and a blasted landscape, Typhon's Reach is not for the faint of heart.  The hulking Taur have made this land their home and they guard it with fierce intensity.
z	042	Deep into the charred and blasted land of Volcanus lies the Ashen Isle. Located in the heart of a live volcano, the entry to the Titan Typhon is located here.  The isle is also home to the mighty three headed Chimera.
z	043	The giant redwoods of the Glen are home to the race of Centaur. Through this dense wood and the foothills of the Aerus mountains, adventurers may discover the ruins of the Atlantean's ancient architecture and encounter the caretakers of this beautiful but deadly land.
z	044	Once pristine forests on the mountain slopes, the Glen was the pinnacle of Atlantean civilization.  Here they perfected the art of suspending cities in the sky.  After the fall, pieces of the Aerus sky city began to fall to the land below.  Whole chunks of the lost city, some still hovering slightly, can be found scattered across the land.
z	051	This beautiful isle provides perfect hunting for younger adventurers.  Home to Caer Gothwaite, the majestic keep looms over the harbor offering safety and assurance. Travel to the main lands and to Atlantis are available in the harbor.
z	052	Once a thriving orchard of magic and peace, Avalon Isle has been claimed by the vile Drakorans.  The small hamlet Wearyall is the only bastion inhabited by men in this area.  Even fair Avalon city has fallen to these invaders.  The realm calls upon its most skilled warriors to free the once glorious city.
z	053	In the Dales of Devwy, towering trees give the forest an aura of heavy, eerie quietness. Many adventurers have stated that the trees hide secrets and shelter monsters of the darkest imagination. All travelers are advised to stay close to the forest path.  Fort Gwyntell offers safety, supplies and training to the few who survive to reach it.
z	054	This land is filled with many dangers and over shadowing it all upon a high mountain is the dungeon of Caer Sidi. Once a proud and glorious hall where men and women from the realm gathered, it now lays in ruin, inhabited by the most powerful of Morgana’s undead horde.  Only the strongest or the foolish fight to reclaim this stronghold.
z	055	A river flows through Gwyddneau to the sea between through a towering canyon.  An ancient race of beings make their homes in these cliffs and guard it furiously.  Along the coastline dwell marooned Vikings whose ships crashed upon these dangerous rock lined shores.
z	056	Aldland is a land inhabited with strange creatures of both land and air. Caer Diogel offers the only friendly outpost in the region for supplies and training. In the northern part of this wild land is the Ogre citadel Krondon. Many skilled warriors have dared to face him, few have returned to tell the tale.
z	057	Inishail Island is a foggy marshland torn between the Lammia and Orcs.  The feuding factions are not the only dangers here in the marsh, adventurers should be wary of slimes and sinkholes.
z	058	A connecting realm with passages to the surface, the Kobolds maintain a presence in this strange underground grove.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	059	An ashen, decrepit place of poisonous fumes and choking smoke, the glashtin have turned this once-beautiful cavern into a wasteland, all to outfit and armor the enemies of Albion.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	063	Built by the Romans during their rule, the Aqueducts are now occupied by the shunned followers of Pluto.  There they have revived the worship of Arawn alongside their own god.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	064	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	065	Built by the Inconnu in service of their Lord Arawn, the Crypt serves as a homeland and waystation on the way to escorting the souls of the dead to the Underworld.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	066	Originally a secret entrance into the Lower Crypt, its discovery led to the destruction of the Crypt itself.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	067	The souls of the fallen dwell here, and their Lord Arawn ruled until they were possessed to rise against him.  Now Albion must battle to keep these renegade souls in check.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	068	Intended to guard the Cauldron of Arawn, the lower crypt was invaded and destroyed by one who desired its power.  Now it lies in ruin and holds dangers untold.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	069	Located deep within the earth at a nexus point of magical ley lines, this ominous fortress is home to a terrible evil power that threatens the world above.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	070	Who were the Atlanteans? What power did they possess? The answers to these questions and more can be discovered by stepping through the glowing portal inside the Hall of Heroes.  The researchers and learned people working on this excavation site can sell you supplies you may find useful on your journey.
z	071	Who were the Atlanteans? What power did they possess? The answers to these questions and more can be discovered by stepping through the glowing portal inside the Hall of Heroes.  The researchers and learned people working on this excavation site can sell you supplies you may find useful on your journey.
z	072	Who were the Atlanteans? What power did they possess? The answers to these questions and more can be discovered by stepping through the glowing portal inside the Hall of Heroes.  The researchers and learned people working on this excavation site can sell you supplies you may find useful on your journey.
z	073	Home to Oceanus haven, this is the launching point for explorations into the ruins of Atlantis. Various islands break the oceans surface and many mysteries await beneath the cold waters.
z	074	The Ocean of Mesothalassa is home to the legendary sea monster Cetus and the ancient Library of Atlantis.  If you venture beneath the waves, beware of the Tritons who have claimed vast areas for their own purposes.
z	075	The ruins of Sobekite Eternal tower majestically over the waters of Boreal.  Many islands, which contain treasures and challenges for even the bravest of adventurers, dot the crystaline blue of the vast waters.
z	076	Located in the deep south, the waters of Notos contain many treasures but untold dangers. Wicked harpies, ancient artifacts of power, and Medusa's Temple of Twilight are only some of the wonders to be discovered.
z	077	The Anatole Ocean reaches to the farthest eastern edge of the Atlantean  empire.  Here you can discover the Haven of  Volcanus, battle living  statues, and dive to an Atlantean shipwreck.
z	081	The Stygian Delta is a searing ocean of sand.  Scorpions, crocodile, and the evil Setians are only some of the dangers that await you.  Temples and tombs left from the Atlantean legacy are slowly being reclaimed by the shifting sands.
z	082	Deep into the desert, the Land of Atum holds both wonders and terrors alike.  The colossal Atlantean pyramid that reaches to the sky, the Temple of Storms, and the entrance to the land of the dead - the Halls of Ma'ati, are only few of the adventures that await you.
z	084	A land of fiery lava flows, violent eruptions, and a blasted landscape, Typhon's Reach is not for the faint of heart.  The hulking Taur have made this land their home and they guard it with fierce intensity.
z	085	Deep into the charred and blasted land of Volcanus lies the Ashen Isle. Located in the heart of a live volcano, the entry to the Titan Typhon is located here.  The isle is also home to the mighty three headed Chimera.
z	086	The giant redwoods of the Glen are home to the race of Centaur. Through this dense wood and the foothills of the Aerus mountains, adventurers may discover the ruins of the Atlantean's ancient architecture and encounter the caretakers of this beautiful but deadly land.
z	087	Once pristine forests on the mountain slopes, the Glen was the pinnacle of Atlantean civilization.  Here they perfected the art of suspending cities in the sky.  After the fall, pieces of the Aerus sky city began to fall to the land below.  Whole chunks of the lost city, some still hovering slightly, can be found scattered across the land.
z	092	The Rift is a magical barrier that separates the magical world from the natural one.  “Created” by the elves, it now serves as the entry point to the mysterious Shar homeworld.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	093	Using the magic obtained from their time in the Veil, the Shar half-grew, half-built a magnificent city to be their seat of power.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	094	Built as a temple for proper communication with the Shar god, its proximity to the magical forces of the Otherworld enabled it to be used as an instrument of great deception.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	095	A cavernous area on the outskirts of Hibernian control, the Frontlines are a treacherous place filled with dangerous creatures and many of the enthralled souls of Midgard.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	096	Discovered around the Queen’s Labyrinth, it led to the great deception that has haunted the Shar for years.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	097	A land intended for the souls of the Albion fallen, the Deadlands are now full of those unfortunate souls who have been enthralled by Albion’s enemies.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	098	Located deep within the earth at a nexus point of magical ley lines, this ominous fortress is home to a terrible evil power that threatens the world above.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	099	An ashen, decrepit place of poisonous fumes and choking smoke, the glashtin have turned this once-beautiful cavern into a wasteland, all to outfit and armor the enemies of Hibernia.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	100	Young players will find Mularn a suitable place to hunt and hone their skills.  The Vale is home to the Vendo Caverns, suitable to adventurers 18 to 30.  Also, the entrance to Darkness Falls, the RVR dungeon as well as entrances to the capital city of Jordheim and the housing areas are located here. Finally, Svasud Faste provides the gateway to the Frontiers and the battlegrounds.
z	101	East Svealand has three towns Vasudheim, Audliten, and Dvalin.  This area is also home to the dungeon Nisse’s Lair, which will provide challenges to adventurers 8 to 20.  You will also find an entrance to the capital city of Jordheim here, near Vasudheim.
z	102	West Svealand is an area for adventurers 10 to 20.  The town of Huginfel is your only refuge here from the Blodfelag and the other monsters that roam the land.  At the far north of the area, you will find Vindsaul Faste, which is a gateway to the Frontiers.
z	103	Gotar is home to the city of Fort Atla and is plagued by monsters for the lower mid-level adventurers.  On the eastern edge of land, there is the Cursed Tomb which caters to adventurers levels 15 to 24.
z	104	Home of the fire giants, Muspelheim is a charred land with pits of bubbling lava.  Adventurers in their 20s to 30s can find monsters a plenty to hunt here.  Be careful of angering the Dverge, who make their homes here because your trainer may send you to perform tasks for them in pursuit of magical arms and armor.
z	105	Dark and foreboding, Myrkwood Forest is home to two towns and the most challenging dungeon in old world Midgard, Spindelhalla.  The area around the city of Galpen has monsters appropriate to adventurers’ levels 25 to 30.  Across the lake, the town of Gna Faste is home to a number of trainers not found in Galpen, but beware the creature Njessi who calls the lake its home.
z	106	In the shadow of Myrkwood Forest, Skona Ravine is a haven for werewolves, who provide good battles for adventurers 20 to mid 30s.  The Varulvhamn dungeon is their home and provides challenges to adventurers in their 30s to 40s.
z	107	Dank and foggy, Vanern is home to monsters that will challenge adventurers between 30 and 45.  Beware both the Jotuns and Hagbui can be fearsome opponents if caught unprepared.
z	108	Raumarik is strictly a high level land with monsters challenging to adventurers from 40 to 50.  This area is home to the Wretches of Winter, who can be a challenge to even the most senior group.   The monsters of Raumarik are notoriously aggressive so be on your guard.
z	109	A cavernous area on the outskirts of Albion control, the Frontlines are a treacherous place filled with dangerous creatures and many of the enthralled souls of Albion.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	114	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	116	Malmohus is home to the dragon Gjalpinulva and her underlings.  High level servants wander the area constantly and the dragon periodically flies over her domain patrolling for intruders. It is a very high-level area and should be traveled through carefully with a group.
z	117	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	118	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	119	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	121	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	122	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	130	Home to Oceanus haven, this is the launching point for explorations into the ruins of Atlantis. Various islands break the oceans surface and many mysteries await beneath the cold waters.
z	131	The Ocean of Mesothalassa is home to the legendary sea monster Cetus and the ancient Library of Atlantis.  If you venture beneath the waves, beware of the Tritons who have claimed vast areas for their own purposes.
z	132	The ruins of Sobekite Eternal tower majestically over the waters of Boreal.  Many islands, which contain treasures and challenges for even the bravest of adventurers, dot the crystaline blue of the vast waters.
z	133	Located in the deep south, the waters of Notos contain many treasures but untold dangers. Wicked harpies, ancient artifacts of power, and Medusa's Temple of Twilight are only some of the wonders to be discovered.
z	134	The Anatole Ocean reaches to the farthest eastern edge of the Atlantean  empire.  Here you can discover the Haven of  Volcanus, battle living  statues, and dive to an Atlantean shipwreck.
z	138	The Stygian Delta is a searing ocean of sand.  Scorpions, crocodile, and the evil Setians are only some of the dangers that await you.  Temples and tombs left from the Atlantean legacy are slowly being reclaimed by the shifting sands.
z	139	Deep into the desert, the Land of Atum holds both wonders and terrors alike.  The colossal Atlantean pyramid that reaches to the sky, the Temple of Storms, and the entrance to the land of the dead - the Halls of Ma'ati, are only few of the adventures that await you.
z	141	A land of fiery lava flows, violent eruptions, and a blasted landscape, Typhon's Reach is not for the faint of heart.  The hulking Taur have made this land their home and they guard it with fierce intensity.
z	142	Deep into the charred and blasted land of Volcanus lies the Ashen Isle. Located in the heart of a live volcano, the entry to the Titan Typhon is located here.  The isle is also home to the mighty three headed Chimera.
z	143	The giant redwoods of the Glen are home to the race of Centaur. Through this dense wood and the foothills of the Aerus mountains, adventurers may discover the ruins of the Atlantean's ancient architecture and encounter the caretakers of this beautiful but deadly land.
z	144	Once pristine forests on the mountain slopes, the Glen was the pinnacle of Atlantean civilization.  Here they perfected the art of suspending cities in the sky.  After the fall, pieces of the Aerus sky city began to fall to the land below.  Whole chunks of the lost city, some still hovering slightly, can be found scattered across the land.
z	148	A cavernous mid-point between the Undercity and Nyttheim, the Frontlines have now become a battleground for control of the Kobold world and Midgard above.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	149	Originally a settlement of Kobolds unwilling to welcome others to their city, Nyttheim is now a nightmare – a land filled with possessed Kobolds serving an unknown lord.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	151	Aegir's Landing is home to the capital city, Aegirhamn, which contains trainers as well as portals to both Old Midgard and Atlantis.  Monsters in this land are suited to young players.  Dyrfjell, the other town in this area undergoes periodic sieges by Morvalt forces.  Both Morvalt and Neanderthal factions fight over this land, so choose your side carefully.
z	152	The mountains and valleys of Gripklosa shelter the town of Bjarken as the only refuge in this snow covered land.  From the Morvalt controlled city of Trollheim to the hidden Redcap town of Iss, adventurers from 30 to 50 will find foes to challenge them.  In the northern reaches of the land, you may discover Mammoth Valley and see the Old Matriarch herself.
z	153	Delling Crater is best suited for high level adventurers in their upper 40s.  In the northeastern corner of the land, you will find the entrance to Tuscarian Glacier, the epic dungeon of Aegir.   If you are friendly with the People of Dellingstad, you may rest and trade in their town otherwise you should steer clear as they do not like intruders.
z	154	Faraheim is a dangerous place to travel at anytime of day or night, because the monsters here challenge even the highest level of adventurers.  The town of Hagall provides the only refuge and the only safe passage to the island of Modernagrav.  A small group of Iarn Dwarves have made a colony here on as well, but be wary as they and their griffon mounts do not take kindly to strangers.
z	155	Munin Sound is meant to be explored by adventurers from 10 to 40.  The town of Knarr provides a place for the weary traveler to sell and a base to explore this area.
z	156	Iarnwood is an extremely dangerous area to venture into even for the most senior adventurer.  This area hosts the entrance to the challenging dungeon of Iarnvidiur, which is best explored by well organized groups only.  In the northeast, you will find another settlement of Iarn Dwarves, but make sure you are friendly to them before getting too close.
z	158	Modernagrav is an island located off of the eastern coast of Faraheim that has monsters fit for adventurers from 35 to 50.  Both the Sjoalf and Redcaps can provide challenges to small groups of adventurers.  Undead populate the middle of the island and only the very brave challenge them in their redoubts.
z	162	A land intended for the souls of the Midgard fallen, the Deadlands are now full of those unfortunate souls who have been enthralled by Midgard’s enemies.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	163	The Isle of Agramon appeared overnight heralded by earthquakes, tidal waves and demonic hordes. The strange new land mass filled up the entirety of the once vast North Sea and almost appeared to reach towards the Frontiers. Through great bravery and conflict, the Realms pushed back the armies of Darkness Falls and cast back down the creature that lead them, the Demon Lord Agramon. 
z	164	The calm, clear waters of the Irish sea stretch out in all directions.  Without a compass and a map, many ocean farers have found themselves hopelessly lost in its vastness.  Though the waters may seem inviting, enemy battles await by sea. The coast of Albion lies to the east, far from the Hibernian coast in the west.  
z	167	Odin’s Gate is Midgard’s front line for repelling foreign invaders.  Bledmeer Faste protects both the coast and the realm’s river access.  Nottmoor Faste protects the north western coast.  To the east, a series of rope bridges suspended high over canyon walls provides excellent defense for attacking armies marching deep into Midgard’s frontier.
z	168	Blendrake Faste protects the southern coast of these snow-covered mountains, while the marshy keep Hlidskialf Faste defends the southeast’s watery borders.  The entrance to the Passage of Conflict opens here, to the south of Glenlock Faste. Ruins of an ancient city can be explored in the center of these lands, and further to the northwest the island keep Glenlock Faste protects river access into Midgard.
z	169	The looming, dark trees of Yggdra Forest offer safe cover for Grallarhorn Faste in the southeast.  This great temple is the rightful home of the Horn of Valhalla, Midgard’s power relic.  Deep in the northeast, the border keep Vindsaul Faste protects Midgard’s homeland from invaders.  South of Arvakr Faste, a frontier village offers supplies and training to the weary defender.
z	170	Located in the northernmost section of Midgard’s frontier, Uppland is home to Thor’s Hammer. This strength relic is housed by Mjollner Faste deep in the north.  In the east, the border keep Svasud Faste is the gateway to Midgard’s inner realm. A frontier village stands ready with supplies for restocking and trainers to aid in learning new skills, just across the river from Mjollner Faste.
z	171	Emain Macha is Hibernia’s front line for repelling invaders from the foreign lands of Albion and Midgard.  Dun Crauchon not only protects the North Sea’s coast, but also acts as a sentinel for river access. Dun Crimthainn keeps vigil over the northern border, while Dun Bolg safeguards the swampy waters in the southeast.  The ruins of an ancient city offer mysterious adventure in the south west.
z	172	In the depths of Hibernia’s frontier, the island keep of Dun na Ged keeps careful watch over nearby river traffic, while Dun da Behn protects the Irish Sea’s coast.  Suspended rope bridges stretch high across valleys in the southeast, providing excellent defense against invading armies attempting to flank  the outlaying outposts and keeps.  The Passage of Conflict’s entrance can be found deep in the woods, to the  south of nGed.
z	173	Hidden amidst a thick forest of lush trees, Dun Ailinne guards the very heart of the Hibernian frontier.   In the south of the Gorge, Druim Ligen keeps vigil over Hibernia with its massive,  stout walls.  Further north, the temple Dun Lamfota shelters Lug’s Spear,  Hibernia’s  strength relic.  Weary defenders can find solace in the frontier village deep in the northwest, where training and supplies are readily available.
z	174	Home to Hibernia’s power relic, the Cauldron of Dagda, Dun Dagda towers over the south, heavily guarded by the temple’s mile gate.  In the southwest, the border keep Druim Cain protects the mainland.  A frontier village in the southeast offers supplies and training to brave defenders not wishing make the long trip home.
z	175	Snowdonia is the southern most region of Albion’s frontier.  Here, the relic temple Castle Myrddin is home to Merlin’s Staff, Albion’s famed power relic.  Caer Hurbury and the milegate steadfastly defend against invaders of this region.  To the southwest, the frontier village allows for restocking supplies and training.  The inner realm is heavily guarded by Snowdonia Fortress, Albion’s border keep.
z	176	Forest Sauvage is home to Albion’s strength relic temple, Castle Excalibur, wherein lies the resting place of the Scabbard of Excalibur.  Caer Renaris protects the western edge of this thick forest, while the northeast’s frontier village offers respite and training to the weary defender.  Deep in the south, Castle Sauvage is the final defense between attackers in the frontier and Albion’s heartlands. 
z	177	The island keep of Caer Boldiam protects the realm’s inner river access.  To the northwest lie the ruins of an ancient monastery.  Along the river to the east, the entrance to the Passage of Conflict can be found.    Rope bridges closing the steep valley gaps offer easy passage to Caer Sursbrooke from the south.
z	178	The northernmost frontier of Albion, Hadrian’s Wall is flanked in the west by both the North Sea and the Irish Sea.  Twin sentinels on the westerly sea’s borders, the island keep, Caer Benowyc, and the marshy keep, Caer Erasleigh, stand vigil together against enemy invaders.   Caer Berkstead stands a constant vigil against likely Midgard invasions from the north.
z	181	Domnann, a thick, hilly forest, is home to the sylvan capital and the gateway to all of Hy Brasil. Young adventurers will find plenty of hunting here. The Grove of Domnann in the south is an enchanting city of massive trees.  The portal to the Hibernia’s mainlands lies just outside of the Grove.
z	182	The lands of Caillte Garran have one safe stronghold in the southeast known as Droighaid.  The rest of these lands have been scourged by the dread Fomor.  The large population of Fomorian here offers a great challenge to the most learned adventurer.  If a dungeon is what you seek, the entrance to Fomora City lies to the north.
z	183	The Vale holds one safe binding area at the Grove of Aalid Feie. Highly skilled adventurers will find hunting in the open fields and Fomorian villages, or in Tur Suil, a dungeon located in the southern area of the land.
z	184	Be wary traveling through Cothrom Gorge.  These lands hold great challenge even for groups of the highest skill.  The obscure faction of sylvan living in the Outlander settlement to the east may be your only allies among the ravenous forest creatures that reside here.
z	185	World's End is a very dangerous land to journey alone.  The creatures lurking in this heavily wooded area could end the life of even the most experienced adventurer with little effort.  Travel cautiously east to Galladoria, for a dungeon adventure of epic proportions!
z	186	The most skilled Hibernian will find the lands of Vigilant Rock a welcome challenge in exploration.  Necht, its single outpost on the eastern shore, provides players with a last-chance stopping point for binding, training, and horse rides before heading into the high level dungeons to the north.
z	187	Located off of the northern coast of World’s End is the long forgotten island Allta Fearann.  Recently discovered, this island’s occupants and encounters remain mysterious to all but the most inquisitive explorer.
z	188	Located deep within the earth at a nexus point of magical ley lines, this ominous fortress is home to a terrible evil power that threatens the world above.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	189	An ashen, decrepit place of poisonous fumes and choking smoke, the glashtin have turned this once-beautiful cavern into a wasteland, all to outfit and armor the enemies of Midgard.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	195	A magical land, the Otherworld is a region of violent magical maelstroms beyond the Veil.  Here, the Midgard possessed exist in torment.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	196	A magical land, the Otherworld is a region of violent magical maelstroms beyond the Veil.  Here, the Hibernian possessed exist in torment.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	197	The magical land where the Shar city was created, the Otherworld is a region of powerful and dangerous magical maelstroms, both empowering and threatening.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	200	A sparkling lake divides the rolling hills of Lough Derg.  A gateway to the capital city Tir Na Nog, these lands are perfect for the beginning adventurer.  If you are a newcomer, you may want to hunt the wolves and Orchard Nippers in the west and then head to the east for more difficult encounters, such as the Parthanan Farm. An island in the lake is home to the Siabra known as the Dergans.
z	201	This mountainous area is home to the strongholds of Howth and Ardagh.  The Spraggon Den’s entrance is nestled deep in the mountainside to the west, awaiting adventurers of levels 20 to 25.  Those not interested in dungeons may find plenty to hunt along the west side of the lake, while those interested in more of a challenge may cross the stone bridge to the east side of Silvermine.
z	202	Shannon Estuary boasts the charming coastal village of Connla.  The friendly settlement of Cennai on the border of Lough Gur is heavily guarded by siabra.  Be wary traveling the southward paths at night.  Shannon Estuary is home to creatures of varying skill, appropriate for Hibernians between levels 25 and 35.
z	203	A cliff face stretches the expanse of the westernmost part of these lands and plunges to the sea.  The Cliff Dwellers residing on the shore there pose more of a threat than the cliffs’ steep drop.  A cluster of forest in the south hides Koalinth Caverns, a much safer choice for the mid-skilled adventurer.
z	204	The mid-range dungeon known as Treibh Caillte is tucked in a valley of trees far to the west of Lough Gur.  The Gurite Settlement in the southwest corner and the melancholy fairies to the south are perfect spots for a well-seasoned group of adventurers.  Innis Carthaig in the east and Culraid in the northwest are the only friendly strongholds in these highly aggressive lands.
z	205	The Bog of Cullen is home to the Siabran Queen, Cliodna and is prime hunting for those between the levels 30 through 50.  Venture not alone here unless you’re skilled, for the Gemstone Tower is heavily guarded by the queen’s loyal subjects. Friends can be found in the southeast corner in the settlement known as Alainn Bin.
z	206	Adventurers between the levels of 10 and 20 will find a challenge in this magical valley.  If you seek the thrill of a dungeon, travel northwest to the mouth of the Coruscating Mines, the mainlands most dangerous dungeon.
z	207	The capital city Tir na Nog, nestled here in Connacht, is heavily protected by Druim Ligen border keep to the north. This expanse of green fields and hillsides is also home to the beginners dungeon Muire Tomb.   Across the river from Druim Ligen is the entrance portal to Darkness Falls.  Adventurers will find plenty of monsters to hunt in the area surrounding the established town of Ardee.
z	208	This grand thicket of trees and brush is home to monsters far beyond the skill of any single Hibernian.  Legendary creatures lurk in this dark wood.  The Faerie Court is rumored to wander its depths, and one fell step could land you face to face with the terror known as Juggernaut.  No doubt adventure awaits in mist of the forest, though venturing alone is sure to prove fatal.
z	213	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	215	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	216	Shrouded in eternal twilight, Sheeroe Hills is infested with the magical Glimmerlings.  Should you and your experienced companions manage to get through their defenses, your journey has only just begun.  These lands are a maze of winding valleys heavily guarded by Glimmers and Azures.  A wrong turn could find you in the lair of Cuuldurach the Glimmer King, Hibernia’s mighty dragon.
z	217	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	218	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	219	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	225	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	226	Deserted eons ago, the great Abandoned Mines stretch from one end of Midgard to the other, connecting all dungeons in the realm with rideable mine carts.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	227	Deserted eons ago, the great Abandoned Mines stretch from one end of Albion to the other, connecting all dungeons in the realm with rideable mine carts.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	228	Deserted eons ago, the great Abandoned Mines stretch from one end of Hibernia to the other, connecting all dungeons in the realm with rideable mine carts.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	229	Beneath the city of Jordheim lie the Burial Grounds, a great cavern used for generations not only to bury, but also to honor, the fallen of Midgard.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	234	Defend your realm’s honor!  This region is for levels 1-4 only.  The center keep can be claimed once per level for experience
z	235	Defend your realm’s honor!  This region is for levels 5-9 only.  The center keep can be claimed once per level for experience
z	236	Defend your realm’s honor!  This region is for levels 10-14 only.  The center keep can be claimed once per level for experience
z	237	Defend your realm’s honor!  This region is for levels 15-19 only.  The center keep can be claimed once per level for experience
z	238	Defend your realm’s honor!  This region is for levels 20-24 only.  The center keep can be claimed once per level for experience
z	239	Defend your realm’s honor!  This region is for levels 25-29 only.  The center keep can be claimed once per level for experience
z	240	Defend your realm’s honor!  This region is for levels 30-34 only.  The center keep can be claimed once per level for experience
z	241	Defend your realm’s honor!  This region is for levels 35-39 only.  The center keep can be claimed once per level for experience
z	243	Built in the same series of caves that gave birth to the Burial Grounds, the Kobold Undercity remained a secret from the surface for hundreds of years.  Blue Gem = Obelisk   Red Gem = Adventure Wing Entrance   Yellow Gem = Zone Line
z	254	Defend your realm’s honor!  This region is for levels 40-44 only.  The center keep can be claimed once per level for experience
z	260	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	261	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	262	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	266	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	267	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	268	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	272	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	273	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	274	Here the good people of the land make their homes and enjoy the quiet of the country.  You can browse player sold items at the Market Explorer in each housing market area.
z	336	Before Geryon's conquest, this wing of Darkness Falls was ruled by three powerful demonic brothers. Two of the brothers swore fealty to Geryon and aid him in guarding the captive demonologist Anataeus.
z	337	Before Rugak's conquest, this wing of Darkness Falls was ruled by three powerful demonic brothers. Two of the brothers swore fealty to Rugak and aid him in guarding the captive Keeper Iraeda.
z	338	
z	339	These fiery halls are home to horrors never before glimpsed by mortals from the world above. Amid the grotesque pillars and glowing embers dwells a demon host led by Azazel and his trusted Circle of Five.
z	340	The frozen Halls of Helgardh exist in a state of eternal winter far more cruel than any known in Midgard. Ceaseless snowfall, expansive ice, and fearsome foes greet all who would dare to challenge mighty Utgard-Lok and his Circle of Five in their lair.
z	341	This legendary gateway to the Otherworld has been tainted by the influence of Crom Cruiach. Corruption, disease, and demonic influence run rampant throughout these caves where the demon lord and his Circle of Five lieutenants thrive.
z	348	A remnant from a less civilized age, the Gaol beneath Eddington Keep has not held prisoners in a generation. The tunnels still serve as an alternate entrance to the Keep, much to the Baron's regret.
z	351	A remnant from a less civilized age, the Gaol beneath Ei-Forr Keep has not held prisoners in a generation. The tunnels still serve as an alternate entrance to the Keep, much to Nephraal's regret.
z	352	A remnant from a less civilized age, the Gaol beneath Dun Chaoin has not held prisoners in a generation. The tunnels still serve as an alternate entrance to the castle, much to Morfesa's regret.
z	360	Visitors to the halls of King Eirik are greeted by brightly glowing braziers and magnificent statues. The newly-crowned ruler of Midgard holds court with Athr Hasetti Theyr, the Royal Illuminator, Quartermaster Dreiki, and Weaponmaster Kord beneath the symbols of Midgard.
z	394	Once the seat of Arthur, the throne room of King Constantine sits deep within Camelot Castle.  Amid impressive statuary and tapestries, King Constantine struggles to restore Albion to greatness with the help of Chamberlain Harlen, Quartermaster Mills, Weaponmaser Mann, the Royal Illuminator, Sir Norcross and Advisor Wacian.
z	395	The Elven King's opulent throne room is lined with statues of Hibernian heroes and banners of the realm. Here, King Lug Lamfhota meets with his closest advisors, including Seneschal Desmond, Quartermaster Kindrey, Weaponmaster Gwydion, and his Royal Illuminator.
a	Caer Stamford	This rustic region is named after the current sovereign of Albion, King Constantine. It is said that Constantine was raised in the village of Holtham and began his training as a paladin within Caer Stamford. Today proud parents and supporters of the King send their children here for schooling and training.
a	Holtham	This rustic region is named after the current sovereign of Albion, King Constantine. It is said that Constantine was raised in the village of Holtham and began his training as a paladin within Caer Stamford. Today proud parents and supporters of the King send their children here for schooling and training.
a	Thorsa Faste	This fabled land is where the first Viking clan landed upon the Midgard motherland. Here Clan Grenlock settled a bustling village named Hafheim and erected a formidable fortress that they called Thorsa Faste. The proud Vikings have never forgotten their roots and continue to protect this land.
a	Hafheim	This fabled land is where the first Viking clan landed upon the Midgard motherland. Here Clan Grenlock settled a bustling village named Hafheim and erected a formidable fortress that they called Thorsa Faste. The proud Vikings have never forgotten their roots and continue to protect this land.
a	Dun Cormyra	This lush country is steeped in the legends of the Elven King, Lug Lamfhota. It is upon these shores that myths speak of King Lamfhota being gifted with the magical blade Fragarach by his foster father Manannan. The people of the village Fintain and the guardians of Dun Cormyra revere the legends to this day.
a	Fintain	This lush country is steeped in the legends of the Elven King, Lug Lamfhota. It is upon these shores that myths speak of King Lamfhota being gifted with the magical blade Fragarach by his foster father Manannan. The people of the village Fintain and the guardians of Dun Cormyra revere the legends to this day.
